io/flutter/plugins/pathprovider/R.java
 io.flutter.plugins.pathprovider.R
 io.flutter.plugins.pathprovider.R$attr
 io.flutter.plugins.pathprovider.R$color
 io.flutter.plugins.pathprovider.R$dimen
 io.flutter.plugins.pathprovider.R$drawable
 io.flutter.plugins.pathprovider.R$id
 io.flutter.plugins.pathprovider.R$integer
 io.flutter.plugins.pathprovider.R$layout
 io.flutter.plugins.pathprovider.R$string
 io.flutter.plugins.pathprovider.R$style
 io.flutter.plugins.pathprovider.R$styleable
androidx/print/R.java
 androidx.print.R
boaventura/com/devel/br/flutteraudioquery/R.java
 boaventura.com.devel.br.flutteraudioquery.R
 boaventura.com.devel.br.flutteraudioquery.R$attr
 boaventura.com.devel.br.flutteraudioquery.R$color
 boaventura.com.devel.br.flutteraudioquery.R$dimen
 boaventura.com.devel.br.flutteraudioquery.R$drawable
 boaventura.com.devel.br.flutteraudioquery.R$id
 boaventura.com.devel.br.flutteraudioquery.R$integer
 boaventura.com.devel.br.flutteraudioquery.R$layout
 boaventura.com.devel.br.flutteraudioquery.R$string
 boaventura.com.devel.br.flutteraudioquery.R$style
 boaventura.com.devel.br.flutteraudioquery.R$styleable
com/google/android/exoplayer2/source/smoothstreaming/R.java
 com.google.android.exoplayer2.source.smoothstreaming.R
androidx/cursoradapter/R.java
 androidx.cursoradapter.R
androidx/lifecycle/livedata/core/R.java
 androidx.lifecycle.livedata.core.R
com/google/android/exoplayer2/extractor/R.java
 com.google.android.exoplayer2.extractor.R
com/google/android/exoplayer2/core/R.java
 com.google.android.exoplayer2.core.R
androidx/coordinatorlayout/R.java
 androidx.coordinatorlayout.R
 androidx.coordinatorlayout.R$attr
 androidx.coordinatorlayout.R$color
 androidx.coordinatorlayout.R$dimen
 androidx.coordinatorlayout.R$drawable
 androidx.coordinatorlayout.R$id
 androidx.coordinatorlayout.R$integer
 androidx.coordinatorlayout.R$layout
 androidx.coordinatorlayout.R$string
 androidx.coordinatorlayout.R$style
 androidx.coordinatorlayout.R$styleable
androidx/swiperefreshlayout/R.java
 androidx.swiperefreshlayout.R
 androidx.swiperefreshlayout.R$attr
 androidx.swiperefreshlayout.R$color
 androidx.swiperefreshlayout.R$dimen
 androidx.swiperefreshlayout.R$drawable
 androidx.swiperefreshlayout.R$id
 androidx.swiperefreshlayout.R$integer
 androidx.swiperefreshlayout.R$layout
 androidx.swiperefreshlayout.R$string
 androidx.swiperefreshlayout.R$style
 androidx.swiperefreshlayout.R$styleable
androidx/lifecycle/livedata/R.java
 androidx.lifecycle.livedata.R
androidx/legacy/coreui/R.java
 androidx.legacy.coreui.R
 androidx.legacy.coreui.R$attr
 androidx.legacy.coreui.R$color
 androidx.legacy.coreui.R$dimen
 androidx.legacy.coreui.R$drawable
 androidx.legacy.coreui.R$id
 androidx.legacy.coreui.R$integer
 androidx.legacy.coreui.R$layout
 androidx.legacy.coreui.R$string
 androidx.legacy.coreui.R$style
 androidx.legacy.coreui.R$styleable
androidx/lifecycle/R.java
 androidx.lifecycle.R
androidx/arch/core/R.java
 androidx.arch.core.R
androidx/documentfile/R.java
 androidx.documentfile.R
androidx/fragment/R.java
 androidx.fragment.R
 androidx.fragment.R$attr
 androidx.fragment.R$color
 androidx.fragment.R$dimen
 androidx.fragment.R$drawable
 androidx.fragment.R$id
 androidx.fragment.R$integer
 androidx.fragment.R$layout
 androidx.fragment.R$string
 androidx.fragment.R$style
 androidx.fragment.R$styleable
androidx/savedstate/R.java
 androidx.savedstate.R
androidx/customview/R.java
 androidx.customview.R
 androidx.customview.R$attr
 androidx.customview.R$color
 androidx.customview.R$dimen
 androidx.customview.R$drawable
 androidx.customview.R$id
 androidx.customview.R$integer
 androidx.customview.R$layout
 androidx.customview.R$string
 androidx.customview.R$style
 androidx.customview.R$styleable
androidx/media2/common/R.java
 androidx.media2.common.R
 androidx.media2.common.R$attr
 androidx.media2.common.R$color
 androidx.media2.common.R$dimen
 androidx.media2.common.R$drawable
 androidx.media2.common.R$id
 androidx.media2.common.R$integer
 androidx.media2.common.R$layout
 androidx.media2.common.R$string
 androidx.media2.common.R$style
 androidx.media2.common.R$styleable
com/ryanheise/just_audio/R.java
 com.ryanheise.just_audio.R
 com.ryanheise.just_audio.R$attr
 com.ryanheise.just_audio.R$color
 com.ryanheise.just_audio.R$dimen
 com.ryanheise.just_audio.R$drawable
 com.ryanheise.just_audio.R$id
 com.ryanheise.just_audio.R$integer
 com.ryanheise.just_audio.R$layout
 com.ryanheise.just_audio.R$string
 com.ryanheise.just_audio.R$style
 com.ryanheise.just_audio.R$styleable
musicplayer/com/music_player/R.java
 musicplayer.com.music_player.R
 musicplayer.com.music_player.R$attr
 musicplayer.com.music_player.R$color
 musicplayer.com.music_player.R$dimen
 musicplayer.com.music_player.R$drawable
 musicplayer.com.music_player.R$id
 musicplayer.com.music_player.R$integer
 musicplayer.com.music_player.R$layout
 musicplayer.com.music_player.R$mipmap
 musicplayer.com.music_player.R$string
 musicplayer.com.music_player.R$style
 musicplayer.com.music_player.R$styleable
androidx/asynclayoutinflater/R.java
 androidx.asynclayoutinflater.R
 androidx.asynclayoutinflater.R$attr
 androidx.asynclayoutinflater.R$color
 androidx.asynclayoutinflater.R$dimen
 androidx.asynclayoutinflater.R$drawable
 androidx.asynclayoutinflater.R$id
 androidx.asynclayoutinflater.R$integer
 androidx.asynclayoutinflater.R$layout
 androidx.asynclayoutinflater.R$string
 androidx.asynclayoutinflater.R$style
 androidx.asynclayoutinflater.R$styleable
androidx/loader/R.java
 androidx.loader.R
 androidx.loader.R$attr
 androidx.loader.R$color
 androidx.loader.R$dimen
 androidx.loader.R$drawable
 androidx.loader.R$id
 androidx.loader.R$integer
 androidx.loader.R$layout
 androidx.loader.R$string
 androidx.loader.R$style
 androidx.loader.R$styleable
androidx/media2/session/R.java
 androidx.media2.session.R
 androidx.media2.session.R$attr
 androidx.media2.session.R$color
 androidx.media2.session.R$dimen
 androidx.media2.session.R$drawable
 androidx.media2.session.R$id
 androidx.media2.session.R$integer
 androidx.media2.session.R$layout
 androidx.media2.session.R$string
 androidx.media2.session.R$style
 androidx.media2.session.R$styleable
androidx/legacy/coreutils/R.java
 androidx.legacy.coreutils.R
 androidx.legacy.coreutils.R$attr
 androidx.legacy.coreutils.R$color
 androidx.legacy.coreutils.R$dimen
 androidx.legacy.coreutils.R$drawable
 androidx.legacy.coreutils.R$id
 androidx.legacy.coreutils.R$integer
 androidx.legacy.coreutils.R$layout
 androidx.legacy.coreutils.R$string
 androidx.legacy.coreutils.R$style
 androidx.legacy.coreutils.R$styleable
androidx/interpolator/R.java
 androidx.interpolator.R
com/google/android/exoplayer2/source/hls/R.java
 com.google.android.exoplayer2.source.hls.R
androidx/core/R.java
 androidx.core.R
 androidx.core.R$attr
 androidx.core.R$color
 androidx.core.R$dimen
 androidx.core.R$drawable
 androidx.core.R$id
 androidx.core.R$integer
 androidx.core.R$layout
 androidx.core.R$string
 androidx.core.R$style
 androidx.core.R$styleable
io/flutter/plugins/flutter_plugin_android_lifecycle/R.java
 io.flutter.plugins.flutter_plugin_android_lifecycle.R
 io.flutter.plugins.flutter_plugin_android_lifecycle.R$attr
 io.flutter.plugins.flutter_plugin_android_lifecycle.R$color
 io.flutter.plugins.flutter_plugin_android_lifecycle.R$dimen
 io.flutter.plugins.flutter_plugin_android_lifecycle.R$drawable
 io.flutter.plugins.flutter_plugin_android_lifecycle.R$id
 io.flutter.plugins.flutter_plugin_android_lifecycle.R$integer
 io.flutter.plugins.flutter_plugin_android_lifecycle.R$layout
 io.flutter.plugins.flutter_plugin_android_lifecycle.R$string
 io.flutter.plugins.flutter_plugin_android_lifecycle.R$style
 io.flutter.plugins.flutter_plugin_android_lifecycle.R$styleable
io/flutter/plugins/GeneratedPluginRegistrant.java
 io.flutter.plugins.GeneratedPluginRegistrant
musicplayer/com/music_player/BuildConfig.java
 musicplayer.com.music_player.BuildConfig
androidx/activity/R.java
 androidx.activity.R
 androidx.activity.R$attr
 androidx.activity.R$color
 androidx.activity.R$dimen
 androidx.activity.R$drawable
 androidx.activity.R$id
 androidx.activity.R$integer
 androidx.activity.R$layout
 androidx.activity.R$string
 androidx.activity.R$style
 androidx.activity.R$styleable
androidx/slidingpanelayout/R.java
 androidx.slidingpanelayout.R
 androidx.slidingpanelayout.R$attr
 androidx.slidingpanelayout.R$color
 androidx.slidingpanelayout.R$dimen
 androidx.slidingpanelayout.R$drawable
 androidx.slidingpanelayout.R$id
 androidx.slidingpanelayout.R$integer
 androidx.slidingpanelayout.R$layout
 androidx.slidingpanelayout.R$string
 androidx.slidingpanelayout.R$style
 androidx.slidingpanelayout.R$styleable
com/google/android/exoplayer2/source/dash/R.java
 com.google.android.exoplayer2.source.dash.R
androidx/drawerlayout/R.java
 androidx.drawerlayout.R
 androidx.drawerlayout.R$attr
 androidx.drawerlayout.R$color
 androidx.drawerlayout.R$dimen
 androidx.drawerlayout.R$drawable
 androidx.drawerlayout.R$id
 androidx.drawerlayout.R$integer
 androidx.drawerlayout.R$layout
 androidx.drawerlayout.R$string
 androidx.drawerlayout.R$style
 androidx.drawerlayout.R$styleable
androidx/versionedparcelable/R.java
 androidx.versionedparcelable.R
androidx/viewpager/R.java
 androidx.viewpager.R
 androidx.viewpager.R$attr
 androidx.viewpager.R$color
 androidx.viewpager.R$dimen
 androidx.viewpager.R$drawable
 androidx.viewpager.R$id
 androidx.viewpager.R$integer
 androidx.viewpager.R$layout
 androidx.viewpager.R$string
 androidx.viewpager.R$style
 androidx.viewpager.R$styleable
androidx/localbroadcastmanager/R.java
 androidx.localbroadcastmanager.R
com/ryanheise/audio_session/R.java
 com.ryanheise.audio_session.R
 com.ryanheise.audio_session.R$attr
 com.ryanheise.audio_session.R$color
 com.ryanheise.audio_session.R$dimen
 com.ryanheise.audio_session.R$drawable
 com.ryanheise.audio_session.R$id
 com.ryanheise.audio_session.R$integer
 com.ryanheise.audio_session.R$layout
 com.ryanheise.audio_session.R$string
 com.ryanheise.audio_session.R$style
 com.ryanheise.audio_session.R$styleable
com/google/android/exoplayer2/common/R.java
 com.google.android.exoplayer2.common.R
androidx/media/R.java
 androidx.media.R
 androidx.media.R$attr
 androidx.media.R$color
 androidx.media.R$dimen
 androidx.media.R$drawable
 androidx.media.R$id
 androidx.media.R$integer
 androidx.media.R$layout
 androidx.media.R$string
 androidx.media.R$style
 androidx.media.R$styleable
androidx/lifecycle/viewmodel/R.java
 androidx.lifecycle.viewmodel.R
androidx/legacy/v4/R.java
 androidx.legacy.v4.R
 androidx.legacy.v4.R$attr
 androidx.legacy.v4.R$color
 androidx.legacy.v4.R$dimen
 androidx.legacy.v4.R$drawable
 androidx.legacy.v4.R$id
 androidx.legacy.v4.R$integer
 androidx.legacy.v4.R$layout
 androidx.legacy.v4.R$string
 androidx.legacy.v4.R$style
 androidx.legacy.v4.R$styleable
